Skip to contentSkip to primary navigation
Personal
Business
Enterprise & Gov
About us
Help & support

Log in
Receiving
Sending
Money & insurance
ID & document services
Shop

Tools
Open search formclose search form
About us
Over our long history, our social purpose and commitment to the community has remained the same; to create connections and opportunities that matter to every Australian.

Corporate information
Supporting communities
Career opportunities
Partnership opportunities
Our Annual Report (PDF 8.71MB)
Service updates
Mobile apps
News and media
At the heart of every Australian community, our people are a regular presence to rely on. We've always looked for ways to link communities together and listen to what matters to them. We’ll always be there for Australians in need.

We’re modernising for a better future
Find out how we’re changing the way we operate, to deliver better outcomes for our customers and team members, and to help build a sustainable business, well into the future.
Learn more

Supporting all Australians and our workforce
We provide services to many Australians, and regularly visit over 12.7 million delivery points across the country. This important role we play in our community also allows us to deliver much more than parcels and letters.
Our approach to Corporate Responsibility
Our environment
Our people
Our community
Our customers

Supporting communities
Australia Post is at the heart of Australian communities, connecting people to each other and the world. Our Post Offices are a vital local hub and our role remains unchanged – to help communities thrive. Working in partnership with organisations like Beyond Blue, Australian Red Cross and the Indigenous Literacy Foundation, we’re helping communities to:

improve mental health and wellbeing
prepare for, recover from and respond to disaster
improve children’s literacy.
Find out more
Did you know...


We’ve invested $1bn into new technology, facilities, our fleet and more people to help us deliver a better tomorrow.

Last year, we processed 2.5 billion items, and delivered more than 69 million articles internationally.


As a government business enterprise Australia Post is self-funded, owned by all Australians.

Any profit we earn is either used to pay a dividend to our shareholder (the Australian Government) or reinvested in our assets and services.



We’re proud to be one of Australia’s most diverse workforces.

Our people represent 148 nationalities, 3 per cent are Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander and 5.7 per cent live with disability. 


Since 2019, we've sent 200 million parcels carbon neutral, which is the equivalent of taking 117,000 cars off the road. We’re also investing in our electric delivery fleet.


We have one of Australia's largest retail networks with over 4,271 Post Offices, including 2,500+ in rural and remote areas. 

Learn about operating a Post Office.



As one of Australia's biggest supporters of small businesses, we're investing in new technology to help make sending easy with MyPost Business.

Our 2023 Annual Report is now available

View our Corporate Governance Statement
View the Corporate Responsibility Indices (PDF 1.49MB)
Download the Annual Report (PDF 8.71MB)

Corporate information
We’re constantly innovating and trialling new ways to deliver essential services to all Australians; and to ensure our business is operating in an efficient and sustainable way that helps our nation prosper.
Popular links
Learn how our businesses work
View our latest Annual Report (PDF 8.71MB)
Visit our News & Media section

Working with us

Our extended workforce is made up of more than 63,000 individuals who come from all walks of life – and have all kind of interests. But one we all share is a passion for making things better, for every Australian.
Popular links
Join our team
Become a delivery business partner

For our suppliers
We proactively influence and partner with our business and suppliers to manage risk and deliver commercial value for Australia Post, our environment and the community we serve.
Learn more about our supplier opportunities
Complaints & feedback
We want to give our customers the best experience possible, so if you’ve had an issue you need addressed – or simply want to share feedback about the level of service you’ve received, we want to hear from you.

Get in touch
About our site
Website terms and conditions
Technical tips and browser support
Our apps
Accessibility
Online security, scams and fraud

Stay up to date with the latest community stories
We’re sharing the stories that bring our community programs to life.
Learn more

Quick links
About us
Jobs
Service updates
Scam alerts
Complaints & feedback
Contact us
MyPost
MyPost Business
Retail catalogue
Collectables
Travel Insurance
Currency converter
Postage calculator
Downloadable price guides
Download our app
Read our blogs
Community blog
Business blog
Enterprise & Government blog
Travel essentials
Sitemap
Privacy statement
About our site
Online security & scams
Terms & conditions
Accessibility
Help & support
Get help or get in touch

Australia Post acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we operate, live and gather as ​a team. We recognise their continuing connection ​to land, water and community. We pay respect to Elders ​past, present and emerging.
