About Us About Us About Us Since 1924, Woolworths Group has worked hard to offer the best possible convenience, value, range and quality to the 24 million customers we serve each week across our growing network of businesses. Learn More Our Approach Our Purpose & Key Priorities Corporate Governance Our partners Our Brands Our Leadership Team Board of Directors Group Executive Committee Board Committees Our History Woolworths Group Foundation 100 Years of WWG Investors Investors Woolworths Group is proud to have 372,000 shareholders, many of whom are everyday mum and dad investors. Millions more are also indirect shareholders in Woolworths Group through their superannuation funds. Learn More Our Performance Share Price ASX Announcements Results and Presentations Reports and Data Webcasts Debt Investors Shareholding Information Shareholding Dividends Annual General Meetings Shareholder Calendar Shareholder FAQs Investor Contact Cost of Living Cost of Living Cost-of-living pressures are a critical concern for our customers, both in Australia and New Zealand. As Woolworths Group, we recognise the important role we play for our customers, teams and communities in delivering the value, choice and quality they expect for their food and everyday needs. Learn More Customer Update Response and Submissions FAQs Privacy Privacy A central destination where you can learn all about how your personal information is handled under the Woolworths Group Privacy Policy. Learn More Collection Usage Protection Sharing Cookies and digital identifiers Policy documents In-store Technology and your Privacy Sustainability Sustainability At Woolworths Group, sustainability means constantly improving the ways we work to have a positive impact on our team, our planet, our customers and the communities we serve – and in doing so creating a better tomorrow. Learn More People Inclusive workplace Team wellbeing Meaningful retail careers Respecting human rights Community contributions Planet Green electricity Reducing hunger and food waste Net positive carbon emissions Responsible stewardship of natural resources Product Making healthier easier Sustainable packaging Sustainable sourcing Future of protein Responsible retailing Reports & Data Stories Partners Reconciliation Reconciliation Our RAP stays true to Woolworths Group's purpose of creating better experiences for a better tomorrow. Learn More Reconciliation at Woolworths Group Our Artwork Our Reconciliation Action Plan Media Media The latest announcements, news and information from Woolworths Group and its brands. Learn More Latest News Check it out Careers Careers We are Woolworths Group. 200,000+ bright minds, passionate hearts, and unique perspectives across Australia and New Zealand. Join us to create a better tomorrow. Learn More Find a Job Supermarket Jobs BIG W Careers Right to work Set up job alert or login Indigenous Careers Employment Scams Career Pathways Refrigeration Apprenticeships Graduate Programs Questions and Answers Employment Conditions General Other Questions Technical Issues Updating applications or profiles Usernames and Passwords Contact Us Contact Us Click here to view the contact information. Learn More General Enquiry Norwest Support Office Partner with us Go back Go back Share price 34.64 AUD High 34.78 Low 34.31 Change 0.29% Information for investors Investor info WOW 06 Sep 2024 04:10 PM aest About Us 190,000+ team members across Australia and New Zealand As Australia’s largest retailer, we depend on our teams across our stores, distribution centres and support offices to provide our customers with exceptional service, products and price. Our people are at the heart of our business and together, we are committed to ensuring Woolworths Group is a great place to work. Our Approach Our purpose & key priorities Our growth plan is built around four key areas: extending our leadership; maximising value; growing new business; and nurturing talent. Corporate governance Our Constitution outlines the rules and principles for governing our business. Our Leadership Team Board of Directors The Board’s role is to represent and serve the interests of shareholders by overseeing and appraising the Group’s strategy, policies and performance. Group Executive Committee The Group Executive Committee are responsible for overseeing the management decisions, operations and day-to-day running of our brands, reporting their progress to the Board of Directors. Board Committees The Board of Directors has established four permanent Committees – each designed in accordance with the Charter to help the Board deliver on its responsibilities. About us We are on a mission to deliver the best in convenience, value and quality for our customers. Learn more Postal Address PO Box 8000 Baulkham Hills NSW 2153 Street Address 1 Woolworths Way Bella Vista NSW 2153 Privacy Office PO Box 8000 Baulkham Hills NSW 2153 Phone 1300 908 631 Email privacy@woolworths.com.au Home About Us Investors Media Privacy Careers Contact Us Woolworths Group acknowledges the many Traditional Owners of the lands on which we operate, and pay our respects to their Elders past and present. We recognise their strengths and enduring connection to lands, waters and skies as the Custodians of the oldest continuing cultures on the planet. Woolworths Group supports the invitation set out in the Uluru Statement from the Heart to walk together with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. We are committed to actively contributing to Australia’s reconciliation journey through listening and learning, empowering more diverse voices, caring deeply for our communities and working together for a better tomorrow. Read more about our commitment to reconciliation ©2021 Woolworths Group Limited. All Rights Reserved. ABN 88 000 014 675.