Woolworths Group Foundation About Us About Us Since 1924, Woolworths Group has worked hard to offer the best possible convenience, value, range and quality to the 24 million customers we serve each week across our growing network of businesses. Learn More Our Approach Our Purpose & Key Priorities Corporate Governance Our partners Our Brands Our Leadership Team Board of Directors Group Executive Committee Board Committees Our History Woolworths Group Foundation 100 Years of WWG Investors Investors Woolworths Group is proud to have 372,000 shareholders, many of whom are everyday mum and dad investors. Millions more are also indirect shareholders in Woolworths Group through their superannuation funds. Learn More Our Performance Share Price ASX Announcements Results and Presentations Reports and Data Webcasts Debt Investors Shareholding Information Shareholding Dividends Annual General Meetings Shareholder Calendar Shareholder FAQs Investor Contact Cost of Living Cost of Living Cost-of-living pressures are a critical concern for our customers, both in Australia and New Zealand. As Woolworths Group, we recognise the important role we play for our customers, teams and communities in delivering the value, choice and quality they expect for their food and everyday needs. Learn More Customer Update Response and Submissions FAQs Privacy Privacy A central destination where you can learn all about how your personal information is handled under the Woolworths Group Privacy Policy. Learn More Collection Usage Protection Sharing Cookies and digital identifiers Policy documents In-store Technology and your Privacy Sustainability Sustainability At Woolworths Group, sustainability means constantly improving the ways we work to have a positive impact on our team, our planet, our customers and the communities we serve – and in doing so creating a better tomorrow. Learn More People Inclusive workplace Team wellbeing Meaningful retail careers Respecting human rights Community contributions Planet Green electricity Reducing hunger and food waste Net positive carbon emissions Responsible stewardship of natural resources Product Making healthier easier Sustainable packaging Sustainable sourcing Future of protein Responsible retailing Reports & Data Stories Partners Reconciliation Reconciliation Our RAP stays true to Woolworths Group's purpose of creating better experiences for a better tomorrow. Learn More Reconciliation at Woolworths Group Our Artwork Our Reconciliation Action Plan Media Media The latest announcements, news and information from Woolworths Group and its brands. Learn More Latest News Check it out Careers Careers We are Woolworths Group. 200,000+ bright minds, passionate hearts, and unique perspectives across Australia and New Zealand. Join us to create a better tomorrow. Learn More Find a Job Supermarket Jobs BIG W Careers Right to work Set up job alert or login Indigenous Careers Employment Scams Career Pathways Refrigeration Apprenticeships Graduate Programs Questions and Answers Employment Conditions General Other Questions Technical Issues Updating applications or profiles Usernames and Passwords Contact Us Contact Us Click here to view the contact information. Learn More General Enquiry Norwest Support Office Partner with us Go back Go back Share price 34.64 AUD High 34.78 Low 34.31 Change 0.29% Information for investors Investor info WOW 06 Sep 2024 04:10 PM aest Woolworths Group Foundation What is the Woolworths Group Foundation? At Woolworths Group we recognise the far-reaching impact we have on the communities in which we serve and understand the role we can play in driving positive change. In Woolworths Group’s 100th year of operation the Woolworths Group Foundation - a charity dedicated to the collection and swift distribution of donations to those in need - plays a key role in how we support communities impacted by natural disasters. As Australian communities are increasingly impacted by fires, floods and other natural disasters, the Woolworths Group Foundation allows us to rapidly deploy support and direct funds to help those in times of need. The Woolworths Group Foundation leverages the many capabilities from across our business to directly and quickly support affected communities in the event of a natural disaster, and has direct relationships with charity partners who are able to rapidly respond to community needs in times of crisis. Supporting Those Affected by Natural Disasters When a natural disaster hits, we want the ability to swiftly distribute funds to multiple charities on the ground, amplifying our response to various crises and ensuring timely support where it's needed most. The Woolworths Group Foundation makes this easier by allowing us to direct funds in a more timely and direct manner to those people and organisations who are most able to support affected communities. The Foundation will provide direct, timely and impactful support for local charitable organisations that are responding to the rapidly evolving needs within their community. The Foundation will operate as an organising central point for the distribution of funds to our charity partners, greatly increasing the financial and logistical agility of our future responses in moments of crisis. Our existing Support Those Affected by Natural Disasters (S.T.A.N.D) program and its partners The Salvation Army, Foodbank, Rural Aid and Lifeline will continue to be supported as part of the Woolworths Group Foundation. The partnerships remain critical to how we support the many communities in need. Donations to the Foundation will come directly from Woolworths Group, through disaster appeal fundraising or our cause-related water range. For every 600ml Woolworths Spring Water 24 pack or 10L pack purchased, 20 cents is donated to the Woolworths Group Foundation. Woolworths Group raised over $2.4 million from the sale of Woolworths Spring Water in F23. Through this initiative, The Salvation Army has been able to purchase a new fleet of catering trailers, trucks and other equipment to ensure they are prepared to assist and serve the community when needed. In addition to the Woolworths Group Foundation, the Group's businesses will continue to support various charities and community organisations as we work together for a better tomorrow. To learn about those ongoing community contributions by Woolworths Supermarkets click here, Big W click here, and Woolworths NZ, click here. Meet the board and management team Bill Reid, Board Director (Chief Legal Officer) Jeanette Fenske, Board Director. (Director of Stores, Supermarkets) Kate Eastoe, Chair (Group Company Secretary) Kate Langford, Board Director. (Director of Stores. Big W) Stephen Harrison, Board Director. (Chief Financial Officer) Stevie Wring, Head of Woolworths Group Foundation Things you should know Donations to Woolworths Group Foundation are administered by Woolworths Group Foundation Pty Ltd (ACN 002 885 547) as Trustee for the Woolworths Group Foundation (ABN 67 937 361 335). Woolworths Group Foundation is a Public Ancillary Fund, endorsed by the ATO as a Deductible Gift Recipient. Additional information regarding the Woolworths Group Foundation’s registered status can be found on the Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission website. Below are our key governance documents and policies for the Woolworths Group Foundation: Trust deedConstitutionWoolworths Group Speak Up and Protected Disclosure PolicyWoolworths Group Privacy PolicyConflict of Interest Policy Get in touch or donate To get in touch, ask questions, or discuss potential partnerships, we invite you to visit our "Contact Us" page. Donate About us We are on a mission to deliver the best in convenience, value and quality for our customers. Learn more Postal Address PO Box 8000 Baulkham Hills NSW 2153 Street Address 1 Woolworths Way Bella Vista NSW 2153 Privacy Office PO Box 8000 Baulkham Hills NSW 2153 Phone 1300 908 631 Email privacy@woolworths.com.au Home About Us Investors Media Privacy Careers Contact Us Woolworths Group acknowledges the many Traditional Owners of the lands on which we operate, and pay our respects to their Elders past and present. We recognise their strengths and enduring connection to lands, waters and skies as the Custodians of the oldest continuing cultures on the planet. Woolworths Group supports the invitation set out in the Uluru Statement from the Heart to walk together with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. We are committed to actively contributing to Australia’s reconciliation journey through listening and learning, empowering more diverse voices, caring deeply for our communities and working together for a better tomorrow. Read more about our commitment to reconciliation ©2021 Woolworths Group Limited. All Rights Reserved. ABN 88 000 014 675.