Corporate Governance About Us About Us Since 1924, Woolworths Group has worked hard to offer the best possible convenience, value, range and quality to the 24 million customers we serve each week across our growing network of businesses. Learn More Our Approach Our Purpose & Key Priorities Corporate Governance Our partners Our Brands Our Leadership Team Board of Directors Group Executive Committee Board Committees Our History Woolworths Group Foundation 100 Years of WWG Investors Investors Woolworths Group is proud to have 372,000 shareholders, many of whom are everyday mum and dad investors. Millions more are also indirect shareholders in Woolworths Group through their superannuation funds. Learn More Our Performance Share Price ASX Announcements Results and Presentations Reports and Data Webcasts Debt Investors Shareholding Information Shareholding Dividends Annual General Meetings Shareholder Calendar Shareholder FAQs Investor Contact Cost of Living Cost of Living Cost-of-living pressures are a critical concern for our customers, both in Australia and New Zealand. As Woolworths Group, we recognise the important role we play for our customers, teams and communities in delivering the value, choice and quality they expect for their food and everyday needs. Learn More Customer Update Response and Submissions FAQs Privacy Privacy A central destination where you can learn all about how your personal information is handled under the Woolworths Group Privacy Policy. Learn More Collection Usage Protection Sharing Cookies and digital identifiers Policy documents In-store Technology and your Privacy Sustainability Sustainability At Woolworths Group, sustainability means constantly improving the ways we work to have a positive impact on our team, our planet, our customers and the communities we serve – and in doing so creating a better tomorrow. Learn More People Inclusive workplace Team wellbeing Meaningful retail careers Respecting human rights Community contributions Planet Green electricity Reducing hunger and food waste Net positive carbon emissions Responsible stewardship of natural resources Product Making healthier easier Sustainable packaging Sustainable sourcing Future of protein Responsible retailing Reports & Data Stories Partners Reconciliation Reconciliation Our RAP stays true to Woolworths Group's purpose of creating better experiences for a better tomorrow. Learn More Reconciliation at Woolworths Group Our Artwork Our Reconciliation Action Plan Media Media The latest announcements, news and information from Woolworths Group and its brands. Learn More Latest News Check it out Careers Careers We are Woolworths Group. 200,000+ bright minds, passionate hearts, and unique perspectives across Australia and New Zealand. Join us to create a better tomorrow. Learn More Find a Job Supermarket Jobs BIG W Careers Right to work Set up job alert or login Indigenous Careers Employment Scams Career Pathways Refrigeration Apprenticeships Graduate Programs Questions and Answers Employment Conditions General Other Questions Technical Issues Updating applications or profiles Usernames and Passwords Contact Us Contact Us Click here to view the contact information. Learn More General Enquiry Norwest Support Office Partner with us Go back Go back Share price 34.64 AUD High 34.78 Low 34.31 Change 0.29% Information for investors Investor info WOW 06 Sep 2024 04:10 PM aest About Us Our Approach Our Purpose & Key Priorities Corporate Governance Our Partners Our Brands Our Leadership Team Board of Directors Group Executive Committee Board Committees Our History Woolworths Group Foundation 100 Years of WWG About Us Corporate Governance Good corporate governance is central to our approach to creating sustainable growth and enhancing long-term shareholder value. Our ambition goes beyond legal and regulatory compliance. Our purpose of we create better experiences together for a better tomorrow shapes our commitment to better meet the needs of our customers, team members, communities, and stakeholders. The Corporate Governance Framework and practices of Woolworths Group are set out in a number of key documents and policies. A summary of these documents and policies, along with copies of the documents, policies and charters are set out below. Corporate Governance Statement Each year, Woolworths Group releases a Corporate Governance Statement that lays out the governance framework adopted by the Board and details its work over the past financial year. Download the 2024 Corporate Governance Statement Constitution, Board & Committee Charters The Woolworths Group Constitution outlines the rules and principles governing our business. The current Constitution was proposed and adopted by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 16 November 2007. It was later amended following the 2009 AGM, the 2010 AGM, the 2017 AGM and the 2019 AGM. Woolworths Group Constitution The Board Charter sets out the role, structure, and processes of the Woolworths Group Board or Directors. It outlines their powers, their responsibilities, and how they can best represent the interests of our shareholders, while regarding international best practice and applicable laws. Woolworths Group Board Charter The Board of Directors established four permanent Committees, each designed in accordance with the Charter to help the Board deliver on its responsibilities. These committees are detailed below: Audit & Finance Committee CharterNomination Committee CharterPeople Committee CharterRisk Committee CharterSustainability Committee Charter Directors and Group Executive Committee The Board of Directors act on behalf of the shareholders in supervising the Company and in upholding good corporate governance. The Group Executive Committee is responsible for management decisions and operations. Further information on the role and composition of the Board of Directors and of the Group Executive Committee can be found below: Find out more about our Board of DirectorsFind out more about our Group Executive Committee Governance Policies Woolworths Group has a range of policies that define its commitment to good corporate governance and responsible business practices. Further information on the Group's policies can be found below: Code of ConductContinuous Disclosure PolicySecurities Trading PolicyInclusion and Belonging PolicySafety, Health & Wellbeing PolicySpeak Up/Whistleblower PolicyFraud, Anti-Bribery & Corruption PolicySupplier Trading TermsSmall Supplier Payment PolicyGovernment, Policy and Industry Engagement Principles Climate Governance The Woolworths Group Board is responsible for reviewing, appraising and approving the Group's sustainability-related strategies, targets and material investments to manage actual or potential impacts and opportunities on the Group. The Board does so based on recommendations from the Board Sustainability Committee (SUSCO). The committee reviews and monitors performance against the Woolworths Group Sustainability Plan 2025, and related strategies, including climate and nature. It oversees the effectiveness of the Group's framework and policies and provides external perspectives on matters within the investment landscape. The CEO and Group Executive Committee, including the Chief Sustainability Officer, have accountability for implementing our sustainability-related strategies and report progress to the Sustainability Committee three times a year. The Group Sustainability platform inlcudes a dedicated general manager responsible for our climate and nature strategies supported by robust processes for measuring and tracking progress. Benefits Governance The Board may invite Eligible Employees to participate in a grant of Rights, Options, and/or Restricted Shares. Equity Incentive Plan Rules Inclusion/Gender Equity 2024 Workplace Profile Corporate group2024 Workforce Statistics Corporate group2024 Workforce Statistics2024 Workplace Profile2024 Public Questionnaire Speak Up Team Members Our team is a top priority at Woolworths Group. This is why we strive to create a supportive environment that ensures everyone can feel valued, respected and have the opportunity to thrive. As part of this commitment, our Team Member Speak Up service offers an independent avenue (external to Woolworths Group) where you can confidentially raise matters if you ever feel that a concern you have can’t be dealt with internally. To raise a team member concern online, please go to the Speak Up website. Or via the following toll free phone numbers: Australia - 1800 334 319New Zealand - 0800 393 76736 To review our Speak Up policy in English, please click here. Suppliers At Woolworths, we are committed to open and positive relationships with all of our suppliers. We recognise, however, that a situation may arise where a supplier feels an important concern can’t be dealt with directly with us, and where the supplier would prefer to use an independent and confidential avenue for raising the concern. We have created the Supplier Speak Up Service for this purpose. Suppliers (or their workers) can contact Supplier Speak Up online or by the toll-free numbers below. If required, interpreters are available in other languages in addition to those countries listed below. To raise a supplier concern online, please go to the Speak Up website. Or via the following toll free phone numbers: Australia (Suppliers) - 1800 772 173 (Supplier Speak Up Policy - English)New Zealand - 0800 393 76736 (Supplier Speak Up Policy - English)Grocery Code of Conduct - 1800 4GROCERY (1800 447 623)China (Hong Kong) - 800 969 643 Thailand - 1800 012 655India - 000 800 0501 474Malaysia - 1800 81 0010Philippines - 1800 1 322 0463Bangladesh - 0 9610 998444 International - +61 2 8522 9508 (Note: international call charges apply) About us We are on a mission to deliver the best in convenience, value and quality for our customers. Learn more Postal Address PO Box 8000 Baulkham Hills NSW 2153 Street Address 1 Woolworths Way Bella Vista NSW 2153 Privacy Office PO Box 8000 Baulkham Hills NSW 2153 Phone 1300 908 631 Email privacy@woolworths.com.au Home About Us Investors Media Privacy Careers Contact Us Woolworths Group acknowledges the many Traditional Owners of the lands on which we operate, and pay our respects to their Elders past and present. We recognise their strengths and enduring connection to lands, waters and skies as the Custodians of the oldest continuing cultures on the planet. Woolworths Group supports the invitation set out in the Uluru Statement from the Heart to walk together with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. We are committed to actively contributing to Australia’s reconciliation journey through listening and learning, empowering more diverse voices, caring deeply for our communities and working together for a better tomorrow. Read more about our commitment to reconciliation ©2021 Woolworths Group Limited. All Rights Reserved. ABN 88 000 014 675.