About us Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover GET A QUOTE Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Search Call Request contact Login Get a quote Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Login GET A QUOTE Search Home About us About us The best choice for CBA Group employees and their families since 1951. Proudly not-for-profit since 1951. We turned 70 at the beginning of 2021. Seventy years of providing the highest value health insurance will teach you a thing or two about health and loyalty. We are proud to say that after more than 70 years, we still exist to bring you value every day. Simply put; our loyalty is to you and your health is our priority. The CBHS directoryEverything you need to know about CBHS.Executive teamOur leaders are committed to providing outstanding value for members of the CBHS family.FIND OUT MORE Board of DirectorsOur Board of Directors at CBHS. FIND OUT MORE Meet our team in CBAThe faces taking care of CBHS health in your State.FIND OUT MORE Careers at CBHSWant a career at a health fund? Read about what it's like to be part of the CBHS team! FIND OUT MORE Annual reportsKeep up to date with what's happening at CBHS year to year. FIND OUT MORE Code of ConductProtecting your rights and maintaining high standards in the delivery of insurance products and services. FIND OUT MORE Corporate governanceHow we operate, and how our Board of Directors run and manage CBHS.FIND OUT MORE CBHS newsKeep up to date with what's happening at CBHS year to year.FIND OUT MORE Our story 1951The Commonwealth Bank of Australia Group establishes CBHS (originally known as The Commonwealth Bank Health Society) to ensure their staff have access to quality, affordable health coverage. 1996In August ’96, we extend our membership eligibility to include ex-CBA employees. In the same year, we separate from the Bank, changing our name to the CBHS Friendly Society.2007We open the doors a little wider, extending eligibility to immediate family members including siblings, parents, grandparents and children of CBA Group current and former employees – before changing our name to CBHS Health Fund Limited. 2014Following regulatory changes, contractors and franchisees of the CBA Group become eligible to join CBHS.2016Our sister fund, CBHS Corporate Health, launches as an open fund.2018Our CBHS International brand joins the CBHS Group family and launches its first products to the international market. 2020We celebrated our upcoming 70th birthday milestone by unveiling a refreshed statement – Belong to More. Belong to More means more for members. More value. More care. More flexibility. More support. Health insurance Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Why join CBHS Member-owned fund Member health Healthy living About getting care About managing your health Health services A-Z Mind & body Tools & support How to claim Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads Pay my bill Find a provider Request contact CBHS Corporate CBHS International Contact us About us Careers Disputes & complaints For providers The CBHS Group acknowledges Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the Traditional Custodians of the lands on which we gather, live and work. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present. Need help? Chat now Got a question? No problem, we're here to help. Let's Chat Carey Glossary FAQ Terms of use Privacy policy Copyright © 2024 CBHS Health Fund Limited ABN 87 087 648 717