The many reason to join CBHS Health Fund Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover GET A QUOTE Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Search Call Request contact Login Get a quote Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Login GET A QUOTE Search Home Health insurance Why join CBHS Why join CBHS? For more than seven decades, CBHS has been there for CommBank employees and their families with quality health cover and warm, caring service. Who are we? CommBank established CBHS, a not-for-profit health fund, with the purpose of providing high-quality and affordable health insurance to CommBank employees and their families. Over the years, our relationship and connection has remained strong, and together we have built more than seven decades of goodwill and trust. Members stay with CBHS because of the great value cover we offer, and the warm care they receive. Why join CBHS? Not-for-profit means value to members As a not-for-profit, member-owned health fund, our primary goal is to deliver value to members. Whether through affordable high-quality cover, attractive policy benefits, or genuine care and support for the families we look after, CBHS members enjoy more value and warm, personal service. FIND OUT MORE A track record of loyalty Our members enjoy being part of an exclusive fund that offers a combination of great value policies and warm, caring service. And we're proud that they choose to stay with us. In fact, CBHS has one of the highest member retention rates in the industry.1 FIND OUT MORE We give back more Over the past 10 years, CBHS Health has paid back on average over 90 cents in every dollar collected from premiums in member benefits2. It’s one of the advantages of being a not-for-profit health fund. FIND OUT MORE The power of a network The CBHS Choice Network empowers members through access to a national network of optical and dental providers who reduce or remove the gap on selected services and treatments. Policies designed for every life stage We recognise that life changes and we’ve designed our policies to adapt with flexibility in mind. CBHS offers a wide variety of policy options to meet you at your life stage, and it's easy to upgrade or downgrade your level of cover over time.3 FIND OUT MORE Easy to join us We respect that you lead a busy life, and from day one, we're making it easy. It's not a hassle to join for the first time, or switch from another health fund. We’ll take care of everything with a seamless transition from your old policy. And, 60 days to change your mind (twice as much time as some other funds). FIND OUT MORE 1Waiting periods may apply. 290.7% compared to 85.6% across the industry. Calculated based on the average of the past 10 years, sourced from APRA Statistics: Private Health Insurance Operations Reports 2014-23. 393.0% for CBHS Health compared to 86.4% across the industry. Data relates to the total gain or loss of members over the last two years, which takes into account consumers who take up Hospital membership and leave within that two-year period. Sourced from Pages 17-18 of Private Health Insurance Ombudsman State of the Health Funds Report 2022. Health insurance Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Why join CBHS Member-owned fund Member health Healthy living About getting care About managing your health Health services A-Z Mind & body Tools & support How to claim Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads Pay my bill Find a provider Request contact CBHS Corporate CBHS International Contact us About us Careers Disputes & complaints For providers The CBHS Group acknowledges Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the Traditional Custodians of the lands on which we gather, live and work. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present. Need help? Chat now Got a question? No problem, we're here to help. Let's Chat Carey Glossary FAQ Terms of use Privacy policy Copyright © 2024 CBHS Health Fund Limited ABN 87 087 648 717