Member health is our number one priority Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover GET A QUOTE Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Search Call Request contact Login Get a quote Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Login GET A QUOTE Search Home Member health Member health You’ve found yourself here and that means you’re about to experience what CBHS membership is all about. We exist to be your partner in health and happiness. So, that doesn’t mean we only need to be in touch when you’re unwell. After all, prevention is better than a cure. And that’s why we have benefits and services to help you stay healthy and well, as well as to get you back on your feet when you need it. Belong to More with CBHS As new innovations emerge, we’ll continue to find ways to empower you and support you wherever you are on your health journey. You truly do Belong to More with CBHS.Browse our full menu of health services right here. Health & wellbeing “I’m feeling relatively good, but I’m keen to see how my CBHS cover can help me improve my mental and physical wellbeing.” This is the right place to see everything on offer to help you live happier and healthier. Get Care “I think I might need to go to hospital and I’m not sure what to do next” Here is where you’ll find everything you need to know before you go to hospital, to ensure you’re well prepared for your stay and recovery. Managing your Health “I want to take back control over my own health and wellness.” We can help you live better, whether you’re one of the many Australians living with a chronic condition, or if you need extra support with some temporary health challenges. Learn about our Better living programs and other services. Health services “I’m not sure what I need yet, but I want to see everything that’s available to members.” Here you’ll find an A-Z of all Health Services available through CBHS health cover. You can also search for providers in your area. Mind and body “I want to learn more about a specific health conditions and what support is available, or how I can better prevent it.” Expand your world of wellness with our health guides. We’ve covered a range of mental and physical health conditions, and we’re continuing to grow this section. Health insurance Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Why join CBHS Member-owned fund Member health Healthy living About getting care About managing your health Health services A-Z Mind & body Tools & support How to claim Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads Pay my bill Find a provider Request contact CBHS Corporate CBHS International Contact us About us Careers Disputes & complaints For providers The CBHS Group acknowledges Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the Traditional Custodians of the lands on which we gather, live and work. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present. Need help? Chat now Got a question? No problem, we're here to help. Let's Chat Carey Glossary FAQ Terms of use Privacy policy Copyright © 2024 CBHS Health Fund Limited ABN 87 087 648 717