CBHS Health Fund - Belong to More Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover GET A QUOTE Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Search Call Request contact Login Get a quote Health insurance Types of cover Hospital & Extras Hospital cover Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Dependant cover Lifestage cover Singles & couples Families & sole parents Mature families Retirees Why CBHS Why join CBHS Testimonials & stories Member-owned fund Why do I need private health insurance? Health insurance explained Check your eligibility Switching health insurance providers Waiting periods Restricted services Government initiatives Member health Health & wellbeing About health & wellbeing Healthy living Events & resources CommBank Health Hubs Get care About getting care Before your hospital stay Hospital in the home Rehabilitate & recover Managing your health About managing your health Services at home Artificial aids & healthcare aids Health services Health services A-Z Common procedures Find a service or hospital Tools & support Handy tools Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads CBHS mobile app Going to hospital How to Pay my bill Refer a friend or family How to claim Updates CBHS news Service updates Find a provider Hospital search Access Gap Cover HICAPS provider search Choice Network provider Mind & body Login GET A QUOTE Search We’re giving back $15m to our members We’re pleased to announce CBHS is giving a further $15 million cashback to eligible members by the end of 2024. This cashback will bring the total COVID support package to circa $78 million. Read more Why join CBHS Health Fund? For more than seven decades, CBHS has been there for CommBank employees and their families with quality health cover and warm, caring service. At CBHS, we give back more Over the past 10 years, CBHS Health has paid back on average over 90 cents in every dollar collected from premiums in member benefits1. It’s one of the advantages of being a not-for-profit health fund. Not-for-profit means value to members Our primary goal is to deliver value to members. Whether through affordable high-quality cover, attractive policy benefits, or genuine care and support for the families we look after, CBHS members enjoy more value and warm, personal service. Policies designed for every life stage We recognise that life changes and we’ve designed our policies to adapt with flexibility in mind. CBHS offers a wide variety of policy options to meet you at your life stage, and it's easy to upgrade or downgrade your level of cover over time.2 The health fund for the CommBank family For more than 70 years, CBHS has offered high quality policies, reserved only for current and former CBA Group employees, contractors and their families. The health fund for the CommBank family For more than 70 years, CBHS has offered high quality policies, reserved only for current and former CBA Group employees, contractors and their families. Check if I'm eligible How health insurance helps Your health insurance can help you stay well, manage health issues and access quality care when you need it most. Understanding health insurance Understanding health insurance How health insurance can help you at every stage of life Membership programs and support Membership programs and support Get access to exclusive programs and support to assist you in managing a healthy lifestyle and disease prevention What our members say Dental became much more affordable for us. We switched to your preferred providers and we had no out of pocket expense for the children's mouth guards, along with several other dental services 👌. Safe sports, cool-coloured mouths and sustainability - and my daughter chose a biodegradable tree green mouth guard! Thanks CBHS. Manda B Our family has full private health with CBHS − always have and definitely always will now. CBHS helped my family immensely, mainly my mother who died of brain cancer a few years ago. Without the help of CBHS we would have lost our family home to pay for all the hospital and medical bills and my dad would have been forced to work rather than care for my mother in her final days. CBHS not only gave us peace of mind with finances but peace of mind with life, freeing us up to be with Mum. Nicole M Latest articles View More 190.7% compared to 85.6% across the industry. Calculated based on the average of the past 10 years, sourced from APRA Statistics: Private Health Insurance Operations Reports 2014-23 2Waiting periods may apply CBHS is a restricted not-for-profit health fund, for current and former employees of the Commonwealth Bank Group (CBA Group) and their families, employees of CBA Group contractors and franchisees and their families. More information on eligibility available here. Health insurance Extras cover Packaged cover Ambulance cover Why join CBHS Member-owned fund Member health Healthy living About getting care About managing your health Health services A-Z Mind & body Tools & support How to claim Tax statement Member discounts Forms & downloads Pay my bill Find a provider Request contact CBHS Corporate CBHS International Contact us About us Careers Disputes & complaints For providers The CBHS Group acknowledges Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the Traditional Custodians of the lands on which we gather, live and work. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present. Need help? Chat now Got a question? No problem, we're here to help. Let's Chat Carey Glossary FAQ Terms of use Privacy policy Copyright © 2024 CBHS Health Fund Limited ABN 87 087 648 717