PRESS RELEASE
Records broken as Montu named Australia’s fastest-growing
company for the second year in a row
16 November, Sydney - Montu, Australia’s largest medical cannabis company, has just
been named Australia’s fastest growing tech business for the second year in a row, with a
growth rate of 9,616% over the last three years of revenue.
Montu was declared the winner of the 2023 Deloitte Tech Fast 50 at a gala event in Sydney
on Thursday night. This is the first time a company has been named the country’s fastest
growing for two consecutive years, bettering the likes of previous winners, including
household names Afterpay, Koala, Atlassian, and Menulog.
Montu Managing Director, Christopher Strauch, was proud to accept the win, noting that the
growth was another indicator of the importance of medical cannabis as a viable treatment
option in Australia.
“This win is a testament to how we, as an organisation, have a singular focus on improving
affordability and accessibility for patients within this increasingly in-demand industry,” said
Strauch.
“To be named the fastest growing organisation in Australia – let alone two years in a row,
which is a first for any company – is an incredible honour.
“We’re proud that our innovative tech-based ecosystem has led to us becoming the leading
Australian provider of these much-needed treatment options, and in fact the largest cannabis
company outside of North America.
“Through refining and streamlining our platforms, we can continue to focus on putting our
patients first, even as demand continues to rise.”
Montu delivers best-in-class patient care through Alternaleaf, Australia’s leading cannabis
clinic, and ensures medication is delivered reliably and quickly through both a cutting-edge
dispensing-as-a-service pharmacy fulfilment system, and lightning-fast wholesale distribution
network, Leafio. It makes a wide range of medicinal cannabis products available and with
Saged, offers high-quality online training for healthcare practitioners looking to understand
the latest treatment modalities.
Last quarter, Montu saw demand for prescriptions almost double, and the company
continues to use its growth to advocate for patients’ best interests. Recently, it has been
taking an active role in government relations, helping promote industry issues alongside both
federal and state politicians to help shape both legislative and social change.
“The statistics are clear: medical cannabis is a legitimate treatment option for hundreds of
thousands of Australians living with common and chronic conditions. This is why we’re
working so hard to lead the industry in a positive direction,” Strauch said.
“Unfortunately, there are still social barriers to people accessing these vital medicines. We
are pushing for change at the highest level, as there is no reason we should be treating
medical cannabis differently to any other prescription medication.”
Montu is continuing to release information and statistics on the stigma surrounding medical
cannabis, in an effort to lower perceived barriers and improve the medication’s accessibility
for Australian patients.
For more information about Montu, visit montu.com.au.
###
About Alternaleaf
Alternaleaf is Australia’s largest medical cannabis clinic, trusted by more than 100,000
Australians. Connecting patients with highly trained nurses and doctors through an
innovative telehealth system, Alternaleaf prides itself on its easy-to-use and empathetic
clinical experience.
About Montu
Founded in 2019, Montu is Australia’s leading medical cannabis company. Across a rapidly
growing ecosystem, Montu is using technology to improve the medical cannabis patient
experience, from delivering best-in-class clinical care, to our industry-leading product lines
and innovative supply chain management tools. Our mission: to make medical cannabis
more affordable and accessible for the millions who could benefit.
Contact
For more information, contact:
Kelly King - PR and Communications Manager
kelly.k@montu.com.au
0414 161 674