PRESS RELEASE
Montu named in 2023 LinkedIn Top Startups in Australia
27 September, Sydney - Montu, Australia’s leading medical cannabis company, is ranked fifth in
LinkedIn Australia’s Top Startups list for 2023.
The list, published by LinkedIn each year, lists 20 Australian companies that are continuing to
innovate and attract top talent. Montu’s listing is the first time a medical cannabis company has
made the cut.
Montu Managing Director, Christopher Strauch, is pleased that the organisation continues to be
recognised.
“We’re so proud to be listed among the best companies in Australia. It’s a testament to how hard
our incredible team members work each and every day,” he said.
“Being the first medical cannabis company to make the list, it’s also an indication of the rapidly
growing demand for our industry.
“We’re proud to be the leading provider of these much-needed new treatment options, while also
improving accessibility through an innovative tech-based ecosystem. Together it means we can
continue to focus on putting our patients first.”
The list ranking comes after Montu placed first in the Deloitte Tech Fast50 in 2022, setting a
record for its rapid growth in the process.
First published in 2018, the annual LinkedIn Top Startups list has featured many other well-known
Australian companies, a number of which have gone on to become large, globally recognised
organisations such as Canva, Koala, and YouFoodz.
“We look forward to continuing to attract top-tier talent that can further accelerate our growth for
the benefit of both our patients and the wider industry,” said Mr Strauch.
For the full list of LinkedIn Australia’s Top Startups for 2023, visit the LinkedIn page, here.
For more information about Montu, visit montu.com.au.
1
About Montu
Founded in 2019, Montu is Australia’s leading medical cannabis company. Across a rapidly
growing ecosystem, Montu is using technology to improve the medical cannabis patient
experience, from delivering best-in-class clinical care to our industry-leading product lines and
innovative supply chain management tools. Our mission: to make medical cannabis more
affordable and accessible for the millions who could benefit.
Contact
For more information, contact:
Kelly King - PR and Communications Manager
kelly.k@montu.com.au
0414 161 674
