PRESS RELEASE
Montu and Chronic Pain Australia join forces for
Pain Awareness Month
1 September, Sydney - Australia’s leading plant medicine company, Montu, has joined
non-profit organisation Chronic Pain Australia to promote Pain Awareness Month until the
end of September.
Montu, alongside its patient platform Alternaleaf, is donating a minimum of $100,000 -
comprising $2 from every order throughout the month - to Chronic Pain Australia, who will
use the funds to advocate for the millions of Australians living with chronic pain.
“About two thirds of our patients use plant medicine to manage their chronic pain conditions,”
said Rhys Staley, Vice President at Montu.
“So with the support of our incredible patient community, we’ll be donating $2 from every
eligible patient order placed in September to a cause that impacts so many people from all
walks of life.
“We are proud to be aligning with Chronic Pain Australia this September and, on behalf of
tens of thousands of our patients affected by chronic pain, further their advocacy during Pain
Awareness Month.”
Chronic Pain Australia raises funds to advocate for those living with chronic pain and
promote triple AAA standards of care - Awareness, Accessibility and Affordability. They aim
to support those in need and raise awareness for the 3.6 million Australians who live with
chronic pain.
Chronic Pain Australia President, Nicolette Ellis, is proud of what the campaign will achieve.
“The donation from Montu means that CPA can dedicate resources to amplifying the voice of
those who live with chronic pain and make this invisible condition visible in the hearts and
minds of the Australian community,” she said.
Montu patient Don Wormald has been living with chronic pain for more than 50 years.
“I fractured my spine surfing at age 16. From about 20 I started suffering badly from sciatica
and other issues that often left me stooped and with a limp,” he said.
“While it’s the ability to sleep well with plant medicine that I see as the major benefit, in terms
of pain management it relegates intense pain into a background ache, making it much more
bearable.”
Chronic Pain Australia collaborates with consumers, other organisations and institutions
across Australia to raise public awareness of the current issues impacting those with the
lived experience of pain. They also advocate for action to make pain a healthcare priority.
“Additional support will contribute funding for pain research, more patient advocacy at the
highest levels of government and more support for those living with chronic pain,” said Ms
Ellis.
For more information on Montu and Chronic Pain Australia’s campaign for Pain Awareness
Month, visit the campaign page here.
For more information on Chronic Pain Australia, visit chronicpainaustralia.org.au.
About Chronic Pain Australia
Chronic Pain Australia aims to improve the knowledge and understanding of what it is like to
live with and manage chronic pain amongst health consumers, carers, family, friends, and
healthcare professionals. Chronic Pain Australia believes no one should live with chronic
pain in isolation, or without access to resources, support, and affordable high-quality
healthcare. Chronic Pain Australia operates Australia-wide, with volunteers across the
country.
About Montu
Founded in 2019, Montu’s goal is to remove the barriers that prevent patients from
accessing plant medicine. Montu has built an integrated plant based medicine ecosystem,
which streamlines the experience for patients end-to-end, and sets new standards in plant
based medical care. We connect Australians to highly qualified doctors, and support them
throughout their journey with our dedicated patient care team. Our mission: improve the lives
of millions of Australians through enabling access to plant-based medicines.
Contact
For media opportunities, contact:
Kelly King - PR and Communications Manager
kelly.k@montu.com.au
0414 161 674
