PRESS RELEASE
Montu Set to Further Streamline Cannabis Access with
the Launch of Online Patient Platform, CircuitTM
MELBOURNE, 31 January 2022 – Just a month after Montu’s record-breaking equity raise
and commitment to invest in their technological infrastructure, the company has
launched their online patient platform, CircuitTM.
CircuitTM is a one-stop-shop where patients can manage their cannabis prescriptions with
features such as refill management, consultation management, visibility of Montu’s
product offering, and patient education. The portal is fully personalised and set to change
the healthcare landscape.
“The Circuit patient portal was a natural evolution for Montu as it aligns to our patientcentric approach,” says Christopher Strauch, Montu Managing Director. “We are bringing
together the best in cannabis care with the technological infrastructure to support a
seamless patient experience.”
Last year Montu successfully launched CircuitTM as a tool for its nationwide network of
Australian doctors to maintain an overview of their prescriptions and create repeat
scripts with a click of a button. With the creation of the new patient platform on
CircuitTM, patients now have access to their own personalised portal giving them more
control over their cannabis medication and cannabis care consultations.
Montu’s integrated cannabis ecosystem, is leading the charge in digital health, with
CircuitTM adding another dimension to their offering. Patients will soon be able to log on
and view their own customised selection of cannabis products based on the Therapeutic
Goods Administration (TGA) categorisation.
“We are moving quickly to align to the new TGA regulations where Special Access
Scheme approvals are based on active ingredient.” says Strauch. “This fundamental
regulatory change will improve patient access to medical cannabis and we are building
systems to support this framework shift.”
“This is just the beginning for patients, as we plan to continuously expand the CircuitTM
offering. We are listening closely to our patients’ feedback and have several additional
features already in our roadmap for the coming months.”, he says.
For Investor and Media Relations, please contact:
Christopher Strauch, Managing Director
Email: invest@montu.com.au
Website: www.montu.com.au
About Montu:
Montu is a leading Australian medical cannabis company. The company has built an
integrated cannabis ecosystem, which streamlines the experience for patients end-toend, and sets new standards in cannabis care. Montu connects Australians to highly
qualified doctors, via the alternaleaf™ telehealth platform, and supports them
throughout their journey with a dedicated patient care team. Montu is built on four key
pillars which integrate to build a seamless patient experience; telehealth patient care,
doctor education, product supply and pharmacy dispensing. The team is committed to
improving the lives of millions of patients with medical cannabis therapies.