hipages Group — Leadership team About us About us Leadership team Board of directors Our brands Investor centre Investor centre ASX announcements Reports & presentations Corporate governance Investor information Careers Our team Our culture Career opportunities DE&B Development programs Partners Media Quick facts CEO Blog Media room Leadership team We are a team of high-performers that bring a mixed and complementary skillset spanning finance, engineering, data, marketing and more. We attribute our success to our culture of open feedback, where we are guided by our mission and values. Roby Sharon-Zipser Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder Roby Sharon-Zipser Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder Roby is the CEO, Co-Founder, and Executive Director of hipages Group. An entrepreneur who creates and invests in thriving and durable businesses that challenge the status quo. Roby has a passion for developing technologies that liberate others to free up their time for higher-value business activities. He instills this passion in the hipages Group team, driving the company’s purpose of transforming the trade industry, making better lives for everyone, and striving for continuous curiosity and professional growth. Roby kickstarted the hipages Group journey in 2004, with the company’s founding business, hipages, inspired by the personal challenges of trying to renovate his own home. Fast forward to today and not only does Roby have extensive insight into tradie businesses, but he is also at the helm of a data powerhouse for the trade industry. With a strong background in numbers, Roby has led his team to harness this data to create a unique industry map of opportunities, known as the hipages Group tradie ecosystem. Jaco Jonker Chief Finance & Operations Officer Jaco Jonker Chief Finance & Operations Officer Jaco joined hipages in November 2022 as the Chief Financial and Operations Officer (CFOO), bringing over 20 years of senior finance and executive experience across Australia, South Africa, USA and the UK . Jaco was most recently the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at Open Colleges Australia where he was instrumental in the successful sale of the business to Australian private equity owners. Prior to this, Jaco spent 10 years at the highly successful South African e-commerce platform and online marketplace, bidorbuy, leading the business for 8 years as Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer, and serving as an Executive Director. Under his leadership, bidorbuy delivered revenue growth of over 250% and became one of the most recognised online brands in South Africa. Commencing his career in audit at Deloitte in South Africa and the USA, Jaco has a wealth of experience in e-commerce, online marketplaces, payment aggregators, delivering operational efficiencies, financial and strategic planning and driving sustainable growth . Jaco holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) in Accounting from the University of Johannesburg, is a CFA charterholder and Chartered Accountant CA (SA). Herry Wiputra Chief Product Officer Herry Wiputra Chief Product Officer Herry is the Chief Product & Technology Officer for hipages. Herry is a seasoned technology leader most recently working as the Chief Information Officer for Campaign Monitor where for 3 years he scaled their Engineering team and helped transform their approach to Product Development. Herry has extensive experience in building a culture of empowerment and collaboration and creates an environment to enable the alignment between technology, product and sales. Herry commenced his career as a Software Engineer with Adacel, SGI and Aconex before moving to REA Group where he worked as the Head of Technology. Here, Herry scaled a team from 45 people to a team of 100+ people with a budget of $18m and 12 streams of work to deliver strategic business capabilities for REA. Herry then moved onto Campaign Monitor as the Chief Information Officer where he continued with the expansion of Campaign Monitor’s continued software delivery and the acquisition of Emma and Delivra. Herry holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Software) Honours and a Bachelor of Commerce majoring in Finance from the University of Melbourne. Jodette Cleary Chief People & Culture Officer Jodette Cleary Chief People & Culture Officer Jodette Cleary is the Chief People & Culture Officer at hipages joining the team in 2015 after founding and managing the successful boutique HR consultancy We Know HR for 8 years. Jodette’s many successful consulting assignments span a host of impressive companies including Red Balloon, Atlassian, BigCommerce, AppSense, Moneytech, nearmap and Campaign Monitor. Prior to this she was the Asia Pacific HR Director for Honeywell Building Solutions, a company that provides building automation and building security technology and solutions. Jodette was a Board Director at Honeywell, with her role spanning 11 countries in the Asia Pacific and employing 2,000+ employees. Prior to her 6 years at Honeywell, Jodette worked in IT&T, Recruitment and Mining. Jodette holds a Bachelor of Arts degree (Industrial Relations & Psychology) from the University of NSW, a Masters of Labour Law and Relations from the University of Sydney and is a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Kylie Quinlivan General Counsel & Company Secretary Kylie Quinlivan General Counsel & Company Secretary Kylie is General Counsel and Company Secretary of hipages Group and a member of the hipages Group executive team. This is her second role as general counsel of an ASX-listed company. Kylie is a top-tier trained corporate lawyer with over 17 years’ of experience in public and private M&A / transactional work, fundraising and corporate governance. Kylie is commercially oriented, curious and with a demonstrated ability to understand complex matters quickly and communicate simply. Kylie is excited by hipages growth potential, its entrepreneurial spirit and conviction for creating a unique culture. Kylie holds a Bachelor of Commerce / Laws (Honours) and a Master of Laws from the University of Sydney. Jeremy Burton Chief Technology Officer Jeremy Burton Chief Technology Officer A highly skilled senior technical leader with the ability to apply product, commercial and technical lenses, Jeremy has over 20 years of experience in the industry spanning from start-ups to larger enterprises. He has worked globally across a range of industries, including telecommunications, finance, startup, and media. Most recently, Jeremy was the Head of Payments & Financial Services at Australia Post. Prior to this, he was Executive Manager, Engineering – Financial Services at realestate.com.au. where he scaled the Financial Services team from zero to 50 people, including spearheading a significant replatform of Smartline’s mortgage broking platform. Jeremy holds a Bachelor of Commerce majoring in Finance and a Bachelor of Science majoring in Computer Science from the University of Melbourne. Rob Tolliday Chief Revenue Officer Rob Tolliday Chief Revenue Officer Robert Tolliday is the Vice President of Sales at hipages, responsible for ensuring that all the great tradies and home service providers in Australia are on the hipages platform. Prior to hipages, Rob held a senior executive role at Sensis, where he was responsible for a portfolio of businesses including True Local, Skip, Sensis Data Solutions and Yelp! With a background of commercial leadership and general management roles within both start up and large scale digital businesses such as ninemsn and News Corporation, Rob is passionate about sales excellence and delivering great customer outcomes. Rob holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of NSW, as well as an MBA and Master of Marketing degrees from Melbourne Business School. Nicholas Ellery Vice President of Marketing Nicholas Ellery Vice President of Marketing Nick Ellery is the Vice President of Marketing at hipages Group, where he leads the charge in building and elevating the brands within the company’s portfolio. With over fifteen years of experience across marketing, product management, and growth strategies, Nick has played pivotal roles in some leading companies. His early career included impactful positions at Mars Incorporated, Microsoft, and Red Bull, where he honed his expertise in product and digital marketing. Before joining hipages, Nick held senior roles at PharmaCare Laboratories, LG Electronics, and eBay Classifieds Group, focusing on digital product management and growth marketing. Nick holds a Master’s in Marketing from The Australian National University and a Bachelor’s in Information Systems from the University of Sydney. He is also certified by ADMA in their Marketing Masterclass. Donna Hole Vice President Tradiecore Donna Hole Vice President Tradiecore Donna Hole is Vice President of Tradiecore and is responsible for creating and leading a high-performing business unit to execute a workflow management offering for hipages Group. With over 10 years of experience at hipages Donna has worked across both sides of the Marketplace heading up the operational teams on and offshore. Donna is a strong believer in design thinking methodologies and customer-centered design to increase customer and employee engagement. Prior to hipages Donna worked in the UK as Manager of retail chains such as Pumpkin Patch and Clinton Cards. Jeremy Wyn-Harris Co-founder and General Manager Builderscrack Jeremy Wyn-Harris Co-founder and General Manager Builderscrack Jeremy Wyn-Harris is the co-founder and general manager of New Zealand’s tradie marketplace Builderscrack. Leading Builderscrack to success from its inception in 2007 through to its acquisition by hipages Group in 2021, Jeremy embodies resilience, hard work and out-of-the-box thinking to achieve great outcomes for both the business and its customers. With a background in technology and a talent for cultivating an inclusive team culture, Jeremy enjoys working on hard problems to deliver effective and fresh solutions. Jeremy was a pioneer of IOT where he designed, developed and deployed several thousand smart internet cameras into Australia and Singapore in the early 2000’s. He has authored several US patents, and holds a Masters of Electrical/Information Engineering. About us About us Our brands Leadership team Board of directors Careers Our team Our culture Career opportunities Our DE&B commitment Development programs Media Quick facts CEO Blog Media room Brand assets Partner with us Our partners Contact us hipages © 2024 Privacy policy