hipages Group — About us About us About us Leadership team Board of directors Our brands Investor centre Investor centre ASX announcements Reports & presentations Corporate governance Investor information Careers Our team Our culture Career opportunities DE&B Development programs Partners Media Quick facts CEO Blog Media room About us At hipages Group, we create effortless solutions that help tradies streamline and grow their business and delight their customers. We are inspired and driven by our purpose of transforming the trade industry, building better lives for everyone. Our hipages Group journey extends far from where we started: as two friends bringing their idea to life at the back of a garage to a listed company with a vision of becoming the most trusted partner in the trade industry. The epic ride started in 2004 when we launched hipages Group’s founding company, hipages. In 2008, we launched hipages’ Pay Per Lead (PPL) model before transitioning to its current subscription model in 2021. It is now the #1 place to connect with tradies. In December 2021, we acquired New Zealand’s leading tradie marketplace, Builderscrack. 20 years. 11 million home improvement jobs posted on hipages alone. 33,000 tradie members. Our story From a garage start-up to the leading technology company shaping the on-demand tradie economy, our business has evolved over the years to better solve our customers’ pain points. 2004 hipages Group is born at the back of a Sydney garage when two childhood friends, Roby Sharon-Zipser and David Vitek, create Home Improvement Pages, an online trade directory. 2011 Home Improvement Pages becomes hipages, the leading online marketplace allowing homeowners to post their job directly onto the platform and connect with local tradies. To date, over 4 million Australians have used hipages to find a tradie. 2013 Our team launches the hipages app for mobile phones, making it even easier and convenient for Aussie homeowners to find and hire trusted tradies on the go. 2013 hipages partners with furniture retailer IKEA Australia to provide their customers with a fast and easy way to receive quotes and services for professional kitchen design and installation. 2016 News Corp becomes an investor in hipages Group. 2017 We move to our new state-of-the-art office in the heart of Sydney CBD. 2018 5 million jobs posted on the hipages platform, helping local, trusted tradies grow their business. 2019 The NSW Department of Education appoints hipages as the preferred online platform to connect NSW public schools with local tradies for repairs and maintenance work, as part of the ‘Local Trades Scheme’. 2020 7 million jobs posted on the hipages platform by Aussie homeowners, flowing down to tradies. 2020 hipages Group successfully enters the Australian Stock Exchange 2021 Our team launches Tradiecore, a job management platform making it easier for tradies to manage their business and simplifying their admin 2021 We acquire New Zealand’s leading tradie marketplace, Builderscrack and become the Trans-Tasman leader for connecting homeowners with trade services. 2024 We launched Australia's first all-in-one app, hipages tradiecore, for tradies that combines lead and job management Partner with us Our vast network and 20 years of experience in the Australian and New Zealand residential trade sector mean that we are trusted by some of ANZ’s biggest companies. Regardless of the size of your business, our network of tradies and homeowners can provide ample opportunities for your own customer experience. Our team can work with you to build a service using our expert technology solutions. Find out more Our locations Sydney office Pitt Street, Sydney NSW, Australia Manila office Topaz and Ruby Roads Ortigas Pasig City, Philippines Christchurch office Victoria Street, Christchurch New Zealand About us About us Our brands Leadership team Board of directors Careers Our team Our culture Career opportunities Our DE&B commitment Development programs Media Quick facts CEO Blog Media room Brand assets Partner with us Our partners Contact us hipages © 2024 Privacy policy