hipages Group — Our culture About us About us Leadership team Board of directors Our brands Investor centre Investor centre ASX announcements Reports & presentations Corporate governance Investor information Careers Our team Our culture Career opportunities DE&B Development programs Partners Media Quick facts CEO Blog Media room Welcome to our home! We are a purpose and values driven organisation, with a collaborative and innovative one-team culture. We enable our team to thrive in their roles as we create an environment that empowers our team to bring their authentic selves to work every day. As a strengths based organisation, we're all about helping our team to find their natural ways of working, growing and succeeding. We emphasise continuous improvement in all that we do, listening to our team and ensuring that they feel heard as we action feedback in real time. With regular hackathons, our team are also encouraged to bring their innovation and imagination to our products and services as they develop and pitch their ideas. As a Top 3 Australian Best Place to Work (2021-2023), we are proud of our diverse, welcoming and inclusive culture in a family-like, start-up environment. Reward and recognition is important to us and we love to come together to celebrate the wins, big and small on a regular basis. At hipages, anyone can make an impact. Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Our values DNA: Make it happen We act quickly to make hipages great Service We enjoy exceeding people’s expectations Being Genuine We are powered by real people who bring life into the brand Collaboration We bounce ideas around, listen and respect each other Innovation We constantly challenge the way things are done Value We love adding value and we don’t hold back Leadership Charter Our hipages Group Leadership Charter was crafted by our Senior Leadership Team and hipages Board. This charter describes the style of leadership that best supports our culture and outlines the behaviours we expect of all hipages leaders. We believe that our leaders are core to us achieving our company purpose, mission and goals, while also reinforcing our values. Paying homage to Australian Indigenous cultures, our leaders physically paint and sign their hand on the wall as a sign of commitment to our charter. To explore our Leadership Charter, click on the orange dots below. All these designs were crafted by our very own leaders. × Take time to have fun I will encourage my team to enjoy the journey to our destination, regularly stopping to celebrate milestones and wins! × Be data driven Continuously improve and create value by using data for valuable insights. × Be courageous Speak up, push boundaries and encourage big ideas. Ensure constructive debate for the best outcomes. × Not give up until we get there Remain agile and innovative whilst never losing sight of the end game, demonstrating hustle and resilience to achieve our goals × Value diversity & inclusion Regularly seek out and value different perspectives, inclusive of everyone. × Be accountable Do what I say I am going to do, taking responsibility for my actions and outcomes. × Lead by example Inspire others by leading from the front, putting people first. × Disagree and commit Offer up my opinion and ideas however accept the final decision is final and fully commit to ensure hipages success. × Be compassionate & nurture my team Be fair supportive and encouraging of my team, mentoring and encouraging them to achieve and grow in their careers. × Ruthlessly prioritise Ensure we are always focused and resourced to achieve. Life at hipages Company Kick Off Empower Hackathon Hi-life × Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. × Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. × Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. × Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Our Benefits Our THRIVE benefits program is carefully crafted to provide our team with the tools, support systems, and incentives they need to excel both personally and professionally, enabling them to truly flourish! Our THRIVE benefits program is carefully crafted to provide our team with the tools, support systems, and incentives they need to excel both personally and professionally, enabling them to truly flourish! Mental Mental Our mental/psychological wellbeing is critical in understanding how to address and care for our mental health, build a healthy lifestyle and set long term goals for ourselves. We want to provide our team with support systems and educational opportunities to achieve their goals, and build their mental health. CU-Health* provides you with unlimited telehealth appointments with GPs, dietitians, psychologists and health coaches Employee Assistance Program enables you and your family members to access confidential telehealth counselling sessions Investment in your career development with our in-house Talent Development team and unlimited access to online learning to support unlimited wellbeing *Australian team only Environmental Environmental Our environment plays an integral role in our overall wellbeing. At hipages, we provide a safe, supportive and inspiring office, and take action to reduce our impact to the environment. Working flexibly policy Hybrid working model allows you to balance your work week between the office and your home. We have two ‘all-in’ office days a month where the whole team comes together Inspirational, collaboration enabled office Physical Physical One of the most visible areas of health is our physical health. We make it easy for our team to actively monitor and address their physical health through a number of initiatives. CU-Health* allows you to access unlimited telehealth appointments with GPs, dietitians, psychologists and health coaches Continental breakfast, fresh fruit & healthy snacks Ergonomic assessment & standing desks Annual flu shots End of trip facilities* Regular participation in events including Steptember and Treely challenges *Australian team only Social Social At hipages, we’re passionate about working smart and celebrating often! There’s something for everyone to enjoy, no matter your location, interests or passions, so get involved! Charity Leave Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Committee enables our team to get involved in developing and driving initiatives to continue to make hipages a more diverse and inclusive place Friday afternoon drinks & snacks Birthday Leave Annual social calendar with events include our EOFY/Company Kick Off, EOY party and loads more Financial Financial Feeling in control and secure in financial decisions is essential to our overall wellbeing. We partner with a number of service providers and promote initiatives to help our team ensure that financial stress is not something that impacts their career and personal lives. Employee Share Option Program Service Anniversary Leave 14 weeks paid Parental Leave (primary carer)/4 weeks paid Parental Leave (secondary carer) * Study Leave Birthday Leave Chaity Leave Religious Public Holiday Leave Swap 5 Days Paid Negative Leave $150 Tradie Allowance every 6 months $100 Wellbeing Allowance Competitive salary that is reviewed annually Salary Sacrifice Company Awards Monthly Shout -Outs Employee Referral Bonus Commonwealth Bank Lifestyle Benefits* BUPA Insurance Benefits* 255 Pitt Street (Hilton) discounts & activities* *Australian team only What’s happening at hipages Keep up to date with our team Don’t miss a thing! Find us on Linkedin Find us on Instagram Keep up to date with our team Don’t miss a thing! Find us on Linkedin Find us on Instagram Build something great with hipages Group Be a part of something great - check out our open roles. See our jobs About us About us Our brands Leadership team Board of directors Careers Our team Our culture Career opportunities Our DE&B commitment Development programs Media Quick facts CEO Blog Media room Brand assets Partner with us Our partners Contact us hipages © 2024 Privacy policy